📝(content) ChromeOS 121 release notes (#705)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/posts/chromeos-121-release-notes.md

---
title: 'ChromeOS 121 release notes'
metadesc: 'ChromeOS 121 sees the discontinuation of ChromeOS Flex on some device models, along with updates to App Streaming, dictation, and printing.'
tags:
  - announcement
  - product news
  - technical
authors:
  - samrichard
date: 2024-02-08
---

ChromeOS 121 reached stable release on February 6, 2024, bringing with it updates to App Streaming on Chromebooks, dictation, and ChromeOS Flex End of Life support.

## Use ChromeVox when App Streaming on Chromebooks

When using App Streaming on Chromebooks, you can now use ChromeVox to navigate a streaming Android app. The Android app's accessibility tree is streamed in tandem with the app itself and can be interacted with using ChromeOS screen reader capabilities.

## Enable dictation using the keyboard

You can now enable dictation using [[Search]] + [[D]] on your keyboard (or the dictation key on some Logitech keyboards). When enabling dictation, a dialog will appear to inform you that you are about to enable dictation, that certain speech files may be downloaded, and where to go to change your dictation language.

> ![A ChromeOS desktop featuring an alert with the header ‘Turn on dictation.' The text reads: ‘You can type using your voice. To use dictation, press the dictation key or select the microphone icon at the bottom of the screen when you are on a text field. Your dictation language is English (United States). Speech files will be downloaded. To change dictation language, go to Settings > Accessibility > Keyboard and text input.' After the text, there are two prompts: ‘Cancel' and ‘Turn on'.](insert_image_url_here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A ChromeOS desktop featuring an alert with the header ‘Turn on dictation.' The text reads: ‘You can type using your voice. To use dictation, press the dictation key or select the microphone icon at the bottom of the screen when you are on a text field. Your dictation language is English (United States). Speech files will be downloaded. To change dictation language, go to Settings > Accessibility > Keyboard and text input.' After the text, there are two prompts: ‘Cancel' and ‘Turn on'.](ix://posts/m121/1.png)
```
